Added late jobs support (aka health conditions) in `databricks_job` resource (#2496)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/job.md

-> **Note** In Terraform configuration, it is recommended to define tasks in alphabetical order of their `task_key` arguments, so that you get consistent and readable diff. Whenever tasks are added or removed, or `task_key` is renamed, you'll observe a change in the majority of tasks. It's related to the fact that the current version of the provider treats `task` blocks as an ordered list. Alternatively, `task` block could have been an unordered set, though end-users would see the entire block replaced upon a change in single property of the task.

> It is possible to create [a Databricks job](https://docs.databricks.com/data-engineering/jobs/jobs-user-guide.html) using `task` blocks. Single task is defined with the `task` block containing one of the `*_task` block, `task_key` and other arguments described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to create [a Databricks job](https://docs.databricks.com/data-engineering/jobs/jobs-user-guide.html) using `task` blocks. Single task is defined with the `task` block containing one of the `*_task` block, `task_key`, and additional arguments described below.
```

* `timeout_seconds` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional timeout applied to each run of this job. The default behavior is to have no timeout.
* `min_retry_interval_millis` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional minimal interval in milliseconds between the start of the failed run and the subsequent retry run. The default behavior is that unsuccessful runs are immediately retried.
* `max_concurrent_runs` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional maximum allowed number of concurrent runs of the job. Defaults to *1*.
* `email_notifications` - (Optional) (List) An optional set of email addresses notified when runs of this job begins, completes and fails. The default behavior is to not send any emails. This field is a block and is documented below.
* `webhook_notifications` - (Optional) (List) An optional set of system destinations (for example, webhook destinations or Slack) to be notified when runs of this job begins, completes and fails. The default behavior is to not send any notifications. This field is a block and is documented below.

> * `notification_settings` - (Optional) block described below controlling notification settings on the job level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `notification_settings` - (Optional) An optional block described below controlling the notification settings on the job level.
```

* `schedule` - (Optional) (List) An optional periodic schedule for this job. The default behavior is that the job runs when triggered by clicking Run Now in the Jobs UI or sending an API request to runNow. This field is a block and is documented below.

> * `health` - (Optional) block described below that specifies health conditions for a given job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `health` - (Optional) An optional block described below that specifies the health conditions for the job.
```

* `email_notifications` - (Optional) (List) An optional set of email addresses notified when runs of this job begins, completes and fails. The default behavior is to not send any emails. This field is a block and is documented below.
* `webhook_notifications` - (Optional) (List) An optional set of system destinations (for example, webhook destinations or Slack) to be notified when runs of this job begins, completes and fails. The default behavior is to not send any notifications. This field is a block and is documented below.
* `notification_settings` - (Optional) An optional block controlling the notification settings on the job level (described below).
* `schedule` - (Optional) (List) An optional periodic schedule for this job. The default behavior is that the job runs when triggered by clicking Run Now in the Jobs UI or sending an API request to runNow. This field is a block and is documented below.
* `health` - (Optional) An optional block that specifies the health conditions for the job (described below).

### task Configuration Block

This block describes individual tasks:

* `task_key` - (Required) string specifying an unique key for a given task.

> * `*_task` - (Required) one of the specific task blocks described below: `notebook_task`, `spark_python_task`, ...

Reviewer 2: Let's make this a complete list, or add a proper link to the full list.

Author: Why do we need the full list here?

Reviewer 2: I think it is less ambiguous if the options are written out by us rather than having the reader try to infer them by themselves.

Author: done

* `library` - (Optional) (Set) An optional list of libraries to be installed on the cluster that will execute the job. Please consult [libraries section](cluster.md#libraries) for [databricks_cluster](cluster.md) resource.
* `depends_on` - (Optional) block specifying dependency(-ies) for a given task.
* `retry_on_timeout` - (Optional) (Bool) An optional policy to specify whether to retry a job when it times out. The default behavior is to not retry on timeout.

> * `max_retries` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional maximum number of times to retry an unsuccessful run. A run is considered to be unsuccessful if it completes with a `FAILED` or `INTERNAL_ERROR` lifecycle state. The value -1 means to retry indefinitely and the value 0 means to never retry. The default behavior is to never retry. A run can have the following lifecycle state: `PENDING`, `RUNNING`, `TERMINATING`, `TERMINATED`, `SKIPPED` or `INTERNAL_ERROR`.

Reviewer 2: This last sentence isn't really relevant to this field, I think, it's more about run states themselves.
```suggestion
* `max_retries` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional maximum number of times to retry an unsuccessful run. A run is considered to be unsuccessful if it completes with a `FAILED` or `INTERNAL_ERROR` lifecycle state. The value -1 means to retry indefinitely and the value 0 means to never retry. The default behavior is to never retry.
```

* `timeout_seconds` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional timeout applied to each run of this job. The default behavior is to have no timeout.
* `min_retry_interval_millis` - (Optional) (Integer) An optional minimal interval in milliseconds between the start of the failed run and the subsequent retry run. The default behavior is that unsuccessful runs are immediately retried.

> * `email_notifications` - (Optional) (List) An optional set of email addresses notified when runs of this job begins, completes and fails. The default behavior is to not send any emails. This field is a block and is documented below.

Reviewer 2: Can you link to the doc?

* `on_start` - (Optional) (List) list of emails to notify when the run starts.
* `on_success` - (Optional) (List) list of emails to notify when the run completes successfully.
* `on_failure` - (Optional) (List) list of emails to notify when the run fails.

> * `on_duration_warning_threshold_exceeded` - (Optional) (List) list of emails to notify when the duration of a run exceeds the threshold specified for the `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` metric in the `health` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `on_duration_warning_threshold_exceeded` - (Optional) (List) list of emails to notify when the duration of a run exceeds the threshold specified by the `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` metric in the `health` block.
```

* `on_start` - (Optional) (List) list of notification IDs to call when the run starts. A maximum of 3 destinations can be specified.
* `on_success` - (Optional) (List) list of notification IDs to call when the run completes successfully. A maximum of 3 destinations can be specified.
* `on_failure` - (Optional) (List) list of notification IDs to call when the run fails. A maximum of 3 destinations can be specified.

> * `on_duration_warning_threshold_exceeded` - (Optional) (List) list of notification IDs to call when the duration of a run exceeds the threshold specified for the `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` metric in the `health` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `on_duration_warning_threshold_exceeded` - (Optional) (List) list of notification IDs to call when the duration of a run exceeds the threshold specified by the `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` metric in the `health` block.
```

-> **Note** The following configuration blocks can be standalone or nested inside a `task` block

###  notification_settings Configuration Block (Job Level)

This block controls notification settings for both email & webhook notifications on a job level:

* `no_alert_for_skipped_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for skipped runs.
* `no_alert_for_canceled_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for cancelled runs.

###  notification_settings Configuration Block (Task Level)

This block controls notification settings for both email & webhook notifications on a task level:

* `no_alert_for_skipped_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for skipped runs.
* `no_alert_for_canceled_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for cancelled runs.
* `alert_on_last_attempt` - (Optional) (Bool) do not send notifications to recipients specified in `on_start` for the retried runs and do not send notifications to recipients specified in `on_failure` until the last retry of the run.

### health Configuration Block

> This block describes health conditions for a given job or an individual task. It consists of following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block describes health conditions for a given job or an individual task. It consists of the following attributes:
```

> * `rules` - (List) list of rules that are represented as objects with following attributes (rules validation happens on backend):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rules` - (List) list of rules that are represented as objects with the following attributes:
```

>   * `metric` - (Optional) string specifying a metric to check.  Right now only `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` metric is available (check [Jobs REST API documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create)) for latest information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `metric` - (Optional) string specifying the metric to check.  The only supported metric is `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` (check [Jobs REST API documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create)) for the latest information.
```

>   * `op` - (Optional) string specifying operation on a given metric.  Right now only `GREATER_THAN` operation is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `op` - (Optional) string specifying the operation used to evaluate the given metric. The only supported operation is `GREATER_THAN`.
```

>   * `value` - (Optional) integer value that will be used on the right side of condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `value` - (Optional) integer value used to compare to the given metric.
```

###  notification_settings Configuration Block (Job Level)

This block controls notification settings for both email & webhook notifications on a job level:

* `no_alert_for_skipped_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for skipped runs.
* `no_alert_for_canceled_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for cancelled runs.

###  notification_settings Configuration Block (Task Level)

This block controls notification settings for both email & webhook notifications on a task level:

* `no_alert_for_skipped_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for skipped runs.
* `no_alert_for_canceled_runs` - (Optional) (Bool) don't send alert for cancelled runs.
* `alert_on_last_attempt` - (Optional) (Bool) do not send notifications to recipients specified in `on_start` for the retried runs and do not send notifications to recipients specified in `on_failure` until the last retry of the run.

### health Configuration Block

This block describes health conditions for a given job or an individual task. It consists of the following attributes:

* `rules` - (List) list of rules that are represented as objects with the following attributes:

>   * `metric` - (Optional) string specifying the metric to check.  The only supported metric is `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` (check [Jobs REST API documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create)) for the latest information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `metric` - (Optional) string specifying the metric to check.  The only supported metric is `RUN_DURATION_SECONDS` (check [Jobs REST API documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create) for the latest information).
```
